Update v2 CHANGELOG (#225)
rmrk-team/evm: CHANGELOG.md

- `totalSupply`
- `maxSupply`
- `name`
- `symbol`
- `collectionMetadata`

Implementations no longer share the same constructor data; they only accept the necessary data. This reduces the size of the contracts allowing for more custom logic within your smart contract.

Core implementations updates include breaking changes as well; names and symbols were removed from them to keep them fully non-opinionated.

### Added

- Added Soulbound implementation versions for all ready-to-use implementations.
- Added `CollectionUtils` with methods to get several data points with a single call. This is a utility contract that only needs to be deployed once per chain, just like `RenderUtils`. `getPaginatedMintedIds` was moved from render utils to this contract.
- Added new Render Utils methods: `getTotalDescendants`, `hasMoreThanOneLevelOfNesting`
- Added `TokenPropertiesRepository`.
- Added `TokenHolder` extension.
- Added new networks to Hardhat config: Sepolia, Polygon Mumbai, Polygon, and Mainnet. Removed Görli.
- Started keeping a Changelog.

### Changed

> - Recreated all ready-to-use implementations for premint and lazy minting with a native token or custom ERC20 token.

Reviewer: I don't like the "a" here. It would make sense to me on custom ERC20 token since there are multiple, but there's only one native token, this makes it look like there are various options.

Author: In that case, I'd use plural:

```suggestion
- Recreated all ready-to-use implementations for premint and lazy minting with native tokens or custom ERC20 tokens.
```
